Fix/remove sodium (#45)
ecohealthalliance/eha-ma-handbook: google-auth.Rmd

Your `.gitattributes` file might look something like this:

```
.env filter=git-crypt diff=git-crypt
auth/** filter=git-crypt diff=git-crypt
.gitattributes !filter !diff

```

The `.env` file will be used to store environment variables and the `auth/` folder will be used to store keys. Do NOT encrypt the `.gitattributes` file. It maybe a good idea to add your google auth key explicitly to the `.gitattributes` file using this format `**/mySecretKey.json` so that the key is encrypted independent of the directory it is in. 

Next add yourself and other users who will require access to the encrypted files to the repo. The encryption chapter \@ref(encryption) in the handbook details 
how to add contributors to the repo. 

> Finally, you will have to setup a symmetric key for github actions to use. This key can always be regenerated so there is no reason to store it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, you will have to set up a symmetric key for github actions to use. This key can always be regenerated so there is no reason to store it.
```
